[Workers] environment variables revision (#10025)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/configuration/environment-variables.md

# Environment variables

## Background

Attach secrets, text strings, and JSON values as environment variables to your Worker. Environment variables are available on the [`env` parameter](/workers/runtime-apis/fetch-event/#parameters) passed to your Worker's [`fetch` event handler](/workers/runtime-apis/fetch-event/#syntax-module-worker).

> Secrets are environment variables that are encrypted and not visible once set. They are used for storing sensitive information like API keys, and auth tokens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Secrets are environment variables that are encrypted and not visible once set. They are used for storing sensitive information like API keys and auth tokens.
```

> Texts strong and JSON values are not encrypted and are useful for storing application configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Text strings and JSON values are not encrypted and are useful for storing application configuration.
```
